update properties panel (#199)
DevExpress/dotnet-eud: reporting-for-web/articles/report-designer/add-extra-information/display-the-user-name-in-a-report.md

Do the following to insert the user name into a report:

> 1. Typically, the user name is displayed within the [Report Header](../introduction-to-banded-reports.md) band. To add it to the report, click **Insert Report Header Band** in the context menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The user name is usually displayed in the [Report Header](../introduction-to-banded-reports.md) band. To add it to the report, click **Insert Report Header Band** in the context menu.
```
